# Project One (Days Years Months Format)
First coding project in my life after looking over this years later, let me just say I have come a long way. Enjoy

**The student should be able to:**
-   Use sequential logic to write a program

-   Create a simple class to do some input from the keyboard, output and simple
    calculations

-   Declare and define identifiers of primitive types

-   Use constant identifiers where appropriate

-   Request and process input from the keyboard

-   Perform basic mathematical operations

-   Display output to the monitor. Use DecimalFormat to make output look “good”

**Note: If email/orally ask me a question that has been answered clearly in
these specifications, you WILL lose 5 points from your project grade!! READ the
specifications carefully! Of course, this does NOT count to my errors which
could cause difficulty for someone. In that case, the 1st person to let me know
would get 5 bonus points on the project.**

The Project
===========

Develop a simple program in Java that will interact with the user through some
dialog. It will ask the user (an attorney) for his/her name, age and the billing
rate/hr and the number of billable hours and minutes. The amount due for
services is displayed in the indicated format, and the hours are to be converted
to different measurements; days, weeks, years (assuming 365 days in a year) .
The program will display the equivalent number in minutes, seconds, weeks,
months, years. It will also display the billable hours as a percent of a year.

Note: Clients are billed in 5 minute segments. So, that means that the minutes
are ALWAYS rounded up to the next multiple of 5. Examples: 1 min 5 min, 6 min 10
min, 11 min 15 min. etc. so that 23 minutes would then, round up to 25 and 56
min 60 (1 hr)

**In the example below I used a calculator to display the results rather than
writing the program. If you detect a typo/wrong answer that would affect the
results of a program, please let me know. The first person to email me with a
correction will get 5 bonus points.** Check all your work with a calculator to
ensure your program is producing correct output. Do NOT just assume that it is.
Remember, that anytime you work with floating point numbers the answers will be
“off” in the far right digits of the answer.
